So here is our app
and let's first of all log in and see how we like it and what we could do.
Now I like the login process, that's all working fine,
so let me submit this. Now one thing I don't necessarily like is that if I find places here, I got none
right now
but now that I did visit this page here, if I click on share place and I add a new place,
so let's take a photo from the library,
yes I want to do that,
this one and locate myself, once I share this place, for one
this loading time here,
it's really long
and yes I said that this is the case because the internet connection isn't that great here and the image
is rather big but still I'd like to change something about this, so we'll have a look at this.
Additionally we'll see one issue once this is finished,
so let's wait for this to finish.
It did finish,
now one thing I really like to change is for one, I'd like to reset this screen here once it's done,
we could also throw an alert to let the user know that it's done
but I'd like to reset the screen and I'd like to automatically go to find places then. Additionally on
find places, we won't see the place we just added and we got no reload
button, no refresh button here.
The reason why we don't see it is because on our find places screen here, we load the places when the
component mounts,
now that happens when we first visit this tab. If we go to the different tab, the component isn't destroyed
though, it's still in memory
so if we go back, componentDidMount isn't executed again. So therefore we never load the new places,
so it would be nice if we would do that, if we would load new places whenever we visit this screen so that
we really can provide a good user experience here.
So these already are a couple of things, decrease the image size before uploading it, so that the upload
is a bit faster because we don't need to ship these high res photos to our page,
make sure that we reset this screen once we're done and that we navigate to find place and then on find
place, we actually always load our places even if we have already visited this page before.
So let's dive into all these topics and let's start with the image size.